[docs] Drop Conan 1.x from CCI documentation (#25875)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/adding_packages/README.md

<!-- toc -->
## Contents
  * [:one: First time contributors](#one-first-time-contributors)
  * [:two: Creating a package](#two-creating-a-package)
    * [How to provide a good recipe](#how-to-provide-a-good-recipe)
  * [:three: Submitting a Package](#three-submitting-a-package)
  * [The Build Service](#the-build-service)<!-- endToc -->

> ## :one: First time contributors

Reviewer: <3 such a streamlined process

* Options should [follow these recommendations](conanfile_attributes.md#options) as well as match the default value used by the upstream project.
* [Package information](build_and_package.md), libraries, components should match as well. This includes exposing supported build system names.

> ### How to provide a good recipe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to write a good recipe
```

Author: Addressed by 1d4b9b8906e3a2bf064c9f4699725fb53351849c

* Build and test the new recipe in several combinations. Check [developing recipes](../developing_recipes_locally.md) for tips.
* [Commit and push to your fork repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/pushing-commits-to-a-remote-repository) then
  [submit a pull request](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/compare).

When the pull request is [reviewed and merged](../review_process.md), those packages are published to [JFrog's ConanCenter](https://conan.io/center/)
and are made available for everyone.

## The Build Service

The **build service** associated to this repository will generate binary packages automatically for the most common platforms and compilers.

> For a C++ library, the system is currently generating more than 30 binary packages.

Reviewer: See my comment above - this is going to change soon, I think it's best to keep the supported platforms md for now

Author: Addressed by 75461cc13016357ac2b7a51d7e2c5b060afa05af

> **Note**: This not a testing service, it is a binary building service for **released** packages. Unit tests shouldn't be built nor run in recipes by default, see the [FAQs](../faqs.md#why-conancenter-does-not-build-and-execute-tests-in-recipes) for more. Before submitting a pull request, please ensure that it works locally for some configurations.

- The CI system will report the build logs in the Checks tab, in the pull-request.

> - Linter and Hooks are automatically executed in the Checks too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Linter and Hooks are automatically displayed in the Checks tab as well.
```

Author: Addressed by a12a77f22a8ea8b3ff7735294c2138d27f7c80c6
